Bump opentelemetry collector 0.85 (#5290)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-grpc-authority.md

---
aliases:
- /docs/agent/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-grpc-authority
- /docs/grafana-cloud/agent/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-grpc-authority/
- /docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/agent/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-grpc-authority/
- /docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/integrations/agent/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-grpc-authority/
description: Shared content, otelcol grpc authority
headless: true
---

> The `authority` in gRPC represents the "Host" header for requests. By default, the `authority` is derived from the service URL used for the gRPC call. It's primarily used for virtual hosting, routing decisions, and security validations. Overriding this default value is be done using the [WithAuthority][] dial option. This allows users to simulate production behaviors in development environments, guide traffic in service mesh scenarios, and test server responses for different authority values.
> 
> [WithAuthority]: https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/grpc#WithAuthority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `:authority` header in gRPC specifies the host to which the request is being sent.
It is similar to the `Host` [header][HTTP host header] in HTTP requests. By default, 
the value for `:authority` is derived from the endpoint URL used for the gRPC call. 
Overriding `:authority` could be useful when routing traffic using a proxy like Envoy, which 
[makes routing decisions][Envoy route matching] based on the value of the `:authority` header.

[HTTP host header]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Host
[Envoy route matching]: https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_conn_man/route_matching
```

I was confused about this an reworded it in a way which makes more sense to me. Do you think it's ok this way? I'm also a but wary of recommending this for anything security related.

I got the Envoy info from the PR which introduced this feature into the Collector:
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/8228
